These files can be served up via a python server. Download and extract the zip; run a python server 
in the Bootcamp Project 2 folder, for easy access to both projects.
To access the server, you can use: python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8069
Then put this in as the URL in your browser: localhost:8069/

Meeting the interaction requirement of this project:
Each bubble has a tool tip that gives the name of the park and its rank

Contents:
I got the hyperlink to the source of the content from Aparna's notebook files, and included them in the Source note at the 
bottom of each page.

About the bubble chart:
There's some cool stuff going on here!

First, the bubble elements are set up with Force x/ Force y layout, which tells the chart to attract elements to each other based
on a strength of attraction I set. 

The bigger bubbles are drawn to the middle, and the smaller bubbles float further apart toward the outer edges.

From an end user perspective, this is nice...it makes the chart intuitive and user-friendly.
It tells me to hover over the bigger bubbles that are drawn toward the middle to quickly interact with the chart and see the high-priority rides I need to make sure to visit.
I can disregard the small bubbles around the parameter of the chart.
In other words I don't have to hover over every bubble to figure out its significance.

About my process/workflow:
1. Get CSV from Aparna (generated from notebook/write CSV)
2. Either in excel or in a jupyter notebook, read the CSV, add a "weighted rank column", in which the #1 ride has the highest weighted rank.
   For example: In a ranking of 55 parks, the number 1 ride should have a weighted rank of 55 (meaning it's the most significant)
   ^^ why?  So, that I can ensure the #1 park has the biggest bubble and so on.
3. In the CSV or jupyter notebook, sort by rank, so the biggest weighted rank is at the top (Row 2).
   ^^ why? This ensures the big bubbles hover toward the middle of my chart. If it's sorted the other way, the big bubbles
      float to the outside and the small bubbles go to the middle, which isn't what we want.
3. Create d3 visualization






